Add documentation for the upgrade feature (#1311)
scalar-labs/scalardb: docs/schema-loader.md

                      The replication strategy, must be SimpleStrategy or
                        NetworkTopologyStrategy (supported in Cassandra)
      --ru=<ru>       Base resource unit (supported in DynamoDB, Cosmos DB)
      --upgrade       Upgrades the ScalarDB environment to support the latest
                        version of the ScalarDB API. Typically, you will

>                         need, as indicated on the release notes, to run

Reviewer: Ditto.

>       --upgrade       Upgrades the ScalarDB environment to support the latest
>                         version of the ScalarDB API. Typically, you will be
>                         requested, as indicated on the release notes, to run
>                         this command after updating the ScalarDB version of
>                         your application environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      --upgrade       Upgrades the ScalarDB environment to support the latest
                        version of the ScalarDB API. Typically, you will
                        need, as indicated on the release notes, to run
                        this command after updating the ScalarDB version of
                        your application environment.
```
It seems that we should update this description same as the following comment.
https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/pull/1311/files#r1408451206

Author: I forgot to fix this one, thank you.

>                         your application environment.

Author: Thank you. This suggestion is similar to https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/pull/1311#discussion_r1408752753 so I did not apply it.

>                         your application environment.

Reviewer 3: I made some changes aside from the word `need` in my [original suggestion](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/pull/1311#discussion_r1408703509). (Sorry, my other changes in my suggestion were a bit hard to see.)

Please see the following comment, which also incorporates @feeblefakie's [suggestion](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/pull/1311#discussion_r1410133108): https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/pull/1311#discussion_r1410290897

<div class="notice--info">{{ notice--info | markdownify }}</div>

### Upgrade the environment to support the latest ScalarDB API

> You can upgrade the ScalarDB environment to support the latest version of the ScalarDB API. Typically, you will need, as indicated in the release notes, to run this method after updating the ScalarDB version that your application environment uses.

Reviewer: Ditto.

<div class="notice--info">{{ notice--info | markdownify }}</div>

### Upgrade the environment to support the latest ScalarDB API

> You can upgrade the ScalarDB environment to support the latest version of the ScalarDB API. Typically,
> you will need, as indicated on the release notes, to run this method after updating the
> ScalarDB version of your application environment.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can upgrade the ScalarDB environment to support the latest version of the ScalarDB API. Typically, you will need, as indicated in the release notes, to run this method after updating the ScalarDB version that your application environment uses.
```

You can import an existing table in JDBC databases to ScalarDB by using the `--import` option and an import-specific schema file. For details, see [Importing Existing Tables to ScalarDB by Using ScalarDB Schema Loader](./schema-loader-import.md).

### Upgrade the environment to support the latest ScalarDB API

> You can upgrade the ScalarDB environment to support the latest version of the ScalarDB API. Typically, as indicated in the release notes, you will need to run this method after updating the ScalarDB version that your application environment uses.

Reviewer 3: Sorry, I just realized that `... run this command ...` (and some additional instructions since the user needs to specify parts in the command) would be better here.

```suggestion
You can upgrade the ScalarDB environment to support the latest version of the ScalarDB API. Typically, as indicated in the release notes, you will need to run this command after updating the ScalarDB version that your application environment uses. When running the following command, be sure to replace the contents in the angle brackets as described:
```

}
```

### Sample usage

> With the `SchemaLoader` class, you can execute the same commands as the CLI:
> - To create, alter, delete, or repair tables that are defined in the schema, you can pass a ScalarDB properties file, schema, and additional options, if needed. 
> - To upgrade the environment, you can pass a ScalarDB properties, and additional options, if needed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By using the `SchemaLoader` class, you can execute the same commands as the CLI:

- To create, alter, delete, or repair tables that are defined in the schema, you can pass a ScalarDB properties file, schema, and additional options, if needed. 
- To upgrade the environment, you can pass a ScalarDB properties and additional options, if needed.
```
